hey welcome back to let's play pokemon
heartgold meals daily me today we're
just getting kinda you know do something
for my special 300 video and now you do
my team anyway you probably already know
this but involves aurelien steady and if
you do not know by now that you saw I'm
kidding you guys are cool anyway we just
get killed on bike now and crash into
things cuz it suck it using the bike
this is not intentional ok I'll we're
just gonna go past dug it reggio for up
24 anyway we're just gonna put on my big
load of max repels i recommend out of
like 99 or something and failed to get
out of inventory screen we're just gonna
kill Doug waters and just keep on
surfing do you mean
yeah freaking also there's a guy right
there I know but he's four and we're
just gonna kill this cave I'll speak to
spark up so enjoy
ok here we are actually at mu 2 R anyway
let's just go talk to where Kelly just
what the other ones cuz he's deaf kick
ass
fort catch like all logic so let's just
try what's he doing what I don't know Oh
what up I really don't know that's good
or not
youtube only has higher special attack
of tyson
we were doing pretty good amount damage
so I'm just gonna use up rock slide what
are you doing you too you obviously have
no stats enticing what are you doing man
I really don't know at all okay I'm just
gonna keep using rocks line oh I'm not
your apt Isis higher attack you too
hopefully not
i should i think is normal attacking
special attack so it should be all cool
we should be all cool yeah we got a
really good amount of damage so let's
just switch off it yeah Bangladesh yeah
that's what giggling angler fish is
gonna help us get this PT ok I dig that
was not so great special defensive or
actually
actually I might be better way
oh he switched it with Tyson Tyson is
not my grandma's special defense
actually so that's no good
let's just get palsy out there let's see
if you'll be dumb enough to switch it
out
i I really don't know what to hear
positive he's going to help
no see so we're just going down some
dust balls yeah getting my dust balls
get she call isn't that
great
very great oh really yeah I actually
caught me too damn like seriously I
caught him that that quickly I must have
been using hacks or something now I need
to make da nick name again Clifford no
there's no Clifford can't put Clifford
h1n1 that's what you are
I now have a mutant named h1n1 aren't I
great and I'll see you guys like some
Tyson get out of the meeting spot now
i'll see you guys like someone let's
play poker heart go how we doing stuff
for gave up